Everything looks so
beautiful from up here.
I'll say.
I've been thinking
about you all week.
Can't get you out of my mind.
I've been
thinking about you too.
God. you're amazing.
You know that?
What's wrong?
It's just.
you deserve more than this.
This moment right here...
This is all I need.
Tom...
I'm sorry...
I... I can't.
It's OK.
Emma. you gotta talk to me?
This isn't gonna work.
We can't do this
any more.
Listen.
I know this is not how we
expected things to go.
But. I...
I really care about you.
You can't say you don't
feel the same way about me.
How I feel doesn't matter.
Emma?
Emma. wait!
Look. just meet with me
tomorrow!
I don't want this to be the
last time I see you.
We can't.
Why?
Because it's my anniversary.
I'm sorry.
It's over.
Mark Webster's office.
Please hold.
Happy anniversary Mrs. Webster.
Oh. they're beautiful!
Thank you.
Thanks for
waiting. How can I help?
No. I've already stated
that we have no comment.
Mark Webster's office.
Thanks Selena.
Hello pumpkin.
I thought you were going
to wear the red dress?
You know that's my favorite.
I know.
I just thought that.
maybe we could try something a
little different.
It's okay.
There's still time to stop
by the apartment and change.
What's that?
Nothing.
Emma?
You know that's only going
to trigger your anxiety.
I'm. sorry...
What are you doing
with my file?
They're revoking his
parole.
Don't you wish you were
still putting guys like that
in jail instead of
keeping them out?
I don't miss living out of
a shoebox
in Birmingham. wearing
cheap suits.
And I don't miss doing
everyone else's dirty work.
Up here everyone else does
the dirty work for me.
Do you know what I do miss
though?
I miss that care-free girl.
One of the few photos I have of
you. in front of the camera.
What was she thinking?
I don't remember.
Tom.
Sir.
- Pardon me.
- You've met my wife?
Haven't you?
I don't think so?
Emma. This is Tom Gorman.
We met at the Christmas
party last year. actually.
That's right. You auctioned
off some of your photographs
you took for charity.
- They were stunning.
- Now. now.
You both know it wasn't the
Christmas party.
It was the "Holiday" party.
That's where you found the
"P.C" police.
Much on for the weekend?
Just paperwork...
Emma... darling?
Yes?
I drove...
Right...
Nice to meet you again.
Monday.
Now that. was.
delicious.
Would you
like some dessert?
Oh. I'm fine. thank you.
How's the Gâteau le
creme?
It's to die for.
Perfect.
We'll take two.
Of course.
I thought we weren't doing
gifts?
I wanted to surprise you
tonight.
They say diamonds are a
girl's best friend.
But 11 years...
apparently makes it
our steel anniversary.
So. I had this specially-made.
It's beautiful.
Thank you.
Try it on?
Oh my god!
Bravo!
That was you not so long ago.
Hey!
You still with us?
Yeah.
I thought we weren't doing
gifts?
Super Bowl?
It's the 50-yard
line. You did always say that
you wanted to go and I
thought that maybe this year...
The Steelers would be in it?
Not a chance.
They suck this year.
Unlike 4 and 12.
Let me.
Happy anniversary pumpkin.
Are you okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
I know it. is none of my
business.
And...
I know that you feel
like you just made
a huge commitment out there.
But I just want you to
understand that nothing
is set in stone.
Yeah. you're right! It's
none of your business...
No. I...
I know you're right...
I'm sorry.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Before we head on home.
there's one final surprise babe.
Check your pockets.
Can you please just tell
me where we're going?
No.
We're almost there. I promise.
You've been saying that
for an hour.
Yeah. but this time. I mean it.
Just. try have some fun
would you? C'mon.
Being blindfolded for over an hour
really isn't my idea of fun.
It was when we first got
married.
I'm not. I'm not doing this. I
can't do it.
I feel car sick. I'm
taking it off. I don't...
Stop.
You're gonna ruin the surprise.
Mark...
I really don't know
what kind of weird game
you're playing.
but I don't want
to fool around.
Mark!
Mark? Mark. where are we going?
Lake House?
Surprise!
I had them prepare it for
us today.
It looks so strange in the
winter.
We have a lot of happy
memories here.
I thought maybe we could...
rekindle some of them.
...75. 76.
77. 78.
79...
Fuck it!
"I love you with
all of my heart."
"Till death do us part."
Took you long enough.
You know. it's really not fair.
What?
How you just get
more beautiful as you get older.
Well... I started out very ugly.
Hm...
Emma!
I know...
that things have been bad
between us.
Been bad for a while.
And I'm sorry.
You've been through so much.
And I haven't been a good
husband.
I know one stupid
anniversary surprise
isn't gonna fix everything.
But it's a start.
We owe it that much. don't we?
Oh my god. it's freezing!
Oh!
Morning. sweetheart.
How are you feeling?
Hungover.
Did you dream beautiful things?
What the fuck is this?
What is this!
Mark?
It's time to wake up.
Help!
Please.
Ugh!
Hmm!
Ugh.
Ow.
Oh no!
Fuck.
Oh. come on!
Come on!
Please! Please. please!
Yes!
No...
No.
No! No! No!
No! No! Fuck!
Keys!
Fuck yes!
Oh!
I thought you would be
lighter without all that blood.
Okay.
Oh. come on.
Come on. Come on.
Yes!
No! No! No...
Fuck!
Motherfucker.
Why!
Our wedding
song. remember?
I have to admit.
I'm impressed you made it this
far.
You should have knelt at my
feet.
after everything I did for you.
When I met you. you were
nothing.
A failed photographer
with no money. no hope.
My only regret.
is not being there to see the
look on your face right now.
I don't want to give you
the satisfaction of thinking
I put a bullet in my head
because of your disobedience...
But I was being called away
and I couldn't just sit back
and watch you live happily
ever after...
with him.
Happy anniversary.
pumpkin.
Oh fuck!
Argh!
Ugh!
No!
Fuck!
You can do this!
I can do this!
Ow!
You fucking hypocrite!
How many fucking times did
I wash lipstick
and glitter off of your
fucking shirts!
I was dragging around that
lifeless corpse of yours.
long before you put a bullet
in that deranged head of yours.
You just didn't know it yet.
I'm gonna cut myself free
of you.
if it's the last thing I do.
Ow.
It's
11:26am. July 2nd.
I'm the Assistant District
Attorney
and will be personally
overseeing your case
I know you're weak and
tired. but we need you
to tell us everything
about the attack last night?
He came
out of the shadows and he...
And he ripped the camera
out of my... hands.
I made a... a run for it.
I tried to run and then
that's when I felt um...
the. the knife.
Um... I... I went to
scream for help. but...
It's okay.
The detective mentioned
you... injured your attacker.
My keys. um... I had... I
had my keys.
clenched in my fist and um...
That's the last thing that
I remember.
Hey! You're safe now.
You're safe. I promise.
We're apprehended...
Fuck!
No!
Ah!
- Ah.
- Tom?
I think you broke my nose.
What are you doing here?
You gotta be kidding me right?
Does "I fucked up and I
need your help" ring a bell?
What? The message you sent me.
Tom I didn't send you a message.
Do you have any idea the
shit-storm your husband's caused
back at the office?
Is that blood on your shirt?
Oh Tom...
Mark sent you those messages.
Is he here?
Most of him.
What do you mean?
Jesus fucking Christ.
Mark shot himself.
He what? What the fuck happened?
He handcuffed himself to
me and then he shot
himself in the head.
Is it because of us?
I'm pretty sure it was
because he was insane.
Okay...
Okay.
Have you. uh... should we...
cover his...
His what?
I'm sorry I haven't seen my
boss in his boxers before
I'm freaking out a little bit.
You're freaked out?
Why would. why would he do this?
Shit! The raid.
The what?
Last night the D.A. raided
the entire office.
They placed charges against
Mark...
Evidence of tampering. on
multiple cases!
That's why I tried to call you!
So. this fuck-stain knew his
entire career.
was going down the drain and
so he's
just trying drag me down too.
Fuck!
You call the police?
He trashed my phone.
Okay.
We got time to get our
story straight.
What story? He killed himself.
You washed your face?
Yeah! I rinsed my dead
husband's blood and
brains off! Why?
Do you think that I did this?
Of course not but...
a cop is going to ask you
that question.
Okay so let a cop ask that
question!
I'll tell them the
fucking truth.
You gotta understand the
truth is not necessarily your
best friend right now. trust me.
I do this for a living.
So. what do I do? I lie to
the police?
No. We manage the truth.
This doesn't look good for
either of us.
I don't give a shit about
looking good right now!
You gave a shit five minutes
ago.
when you washed the evidence off
your face.
- Call the fucking police!
- Listen.
Have you stopped.
to think about why Mark
sent you that message?
Because I woke up
Handcuffed to my dead
husband. whose...
carcass I've been
dragging around.
the entire house.
He siphoned all of the
gas out of the car.
He thought to remove
every sharp object.
I have been chained to
this nightmare all day.
Do you really think. that
he sent you that text.
so you could come here and you
could save me?
Call the police!
Okay. you're right.
Umm. shit.
I left it on charge.
You recognise that car?
No.
Passed him about a mile back.
He was parked up on the
side of the road.
Tom we have to run.
How do you expect to do that?
Listen.
Okay let me handle this.
- No. you cant go out there...
- Emma!
The only thing this guy
knows for sure.
is that I'm here. that's it.
Lock the door and don't open it
for anybody...
- No! No. no!
- Don't open for anybody.
that's not me.
- Shit!
- Lock the door.
Shit.
Tom. be careful.
Can I help you?
Yeah. I sure hope so.
Are you the owner of the
property?
No. You gotta come back
another time.
Yeah see... a. a Mr. Webster.
hired us to fix a burst pipe.
you know? He said he'd be
here today to let us inside.
Well. like I said no one's
here so...
How much did he say
he was gonna pay you?
I'll cover it and you can
be on your way.
Do you mind if we settle
inside?
It's cold as a witch's
tit out here. y'know?
Actually I do.
How much?
I uh... we agreed upon. an
even two hundred.
Here's fifty on top.
Well. ain't you a gentleman.
Drive safe.
Actually. uh...
Mind if I use your facilities?
I just drove all the way from
Buffalo
and I'm all-about
ready to burst. you know?
It's out of order.
Out of order?
Listen. you got a problem
with me or something?
You said you drove from
Buffalo...
over 250 miles just to fix
a burst pipe.
With Indiana plates.
I gave you what you came for
and
still you're standing here.
so yeah. I got a problem
with you "or something".
I think you should leave.
Listen. why don't you
just let us inside
so we can do our job. alright?
Look. fuck off! Now!
Alright. alright.
We don't have to do this.
alright? We can just walk away.
...I already notified the
police.
I suggest you get back in
your car...
- Shit!
- Argh!
Holy shit!
Jesus. Bobby.
You killed him.
You fucking killed him... fuck.
I'm so sorry...
I'm sorry man.
Hey. hey. careful!
They got your
prints on file.
He's already
called the cops!
No. because if
he did we would've
heard it over the scanner.
Oh shit!
Bobby. we're fucked. man!
Oh my God. I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
What are we doing. Bobby?
What are you fucking doing?!
Will you just fucking relax.
What are we doing here.
Bobby? Bobby we gotta go!
- We gotta go. we...
- Jimmy. Jimmy!
- Jimmy. Jimmy. Jimmy.
- What the fuck is this shit?!
- Jimmy. Jimmy!
- No... get off. I don't...
- No!
- Calm down!
- Calm down! Hey! Shh!
- No!
Listen! Listen. It's
fine! It's fine.
You said... you said you
were gonna tie 'em up!
You said nothing about
killing them.
I know and I'm sorry.
okay? But listen. little brother
I need you to focus right now.
Okay? We need to find her
still. Alright?
No. wait... what are you
gonna do when you find her?
Listen. you just yell out
if you spot her. Jimmy? Okay?
Ugh!
Agh!
Jesus fucking Christ!
Bobby!
It's over there.
What's wrong?
Be careful. the ice could be...
thin.
God!
Looks like the wolves
got to him.
You ever seen a wolf use
an anchor?
Ah fuck!
It's him.
Who?
The guy who hired us.
What. that's the
guy who hired us?
The lawyer that put you away?
Yeah. we found common ground.
Bobby. what the fuck are
we still doing here then?
We're not leaving until
we open that safe.
Well then lets go! Lets
go and do it.
And leave this girl behind. Huh?
The lawyer dude is
fucking dead. huh?
- Contract's null and void.
- You don't understand.
There were two people
that knew
the combination to that safe.
One of them
is now missing part of his head.
Just give me a second to think.
She could be miles away by now.
Not without shoes.
Bobby!
Yeah?
This is some pretty
high-tech shit.
There any chance of
blowing it open?
Not without turning
everything inside into dust.
Shit.
Yeah and that's not the
worst of it.
You see this model?
Well it needs a
combination and a finger-print.
Hers?
Maybe.
I mean. It'd have to be
programmed in.
So. I'd put money on him.
There's only one way to
find out.
I mean. what do I look
like? The fucking undertaker?
"In and out" you said.
We open the safe and we'd
split the diamonds.
Alright. I'll get the
body. you find the girl.
Fuck you. man.
Oh come on. You got to be
fucking kidding me.
Oh!
Fucking hell.
Twenty fucking minutes.
I'm out here freezing
my nuts off.
Why don't you get the
fucking body?
Oh god.
Shit.
- What did you do?
- Nothing. It wasn't me.
Can you switch it off?
"Twenty minutes.
in and out".
that's what you said!
Bobby! Bobby. Bobby. Bobby.
Just listen to me okay?
She's already put you
behind bars once before.
don't
make the same mistake again.
The only mistake I made
was leaving her still breathing.
She. she could be anywhere
by now. it's over.
- No it's not. It's not.
- It's over! It's over!
- Ten years I spent...
- No.
Please. look at me. Ten
years I spent inside that cage.
Ten fucking years.
While they repossessed
our house.
The house that we grew up in.
While Pop got sick. this
bitch...
took everything from us Jimmy.
And those diamonds are
compensation for that.
Okay? And we are still in
the game.
How do you think she
triggered the car alarm?
- The keys.
- Why?
Because we were right
next to her.
Yes! She wanted to distract us.
Because she's still in
the house. Okay?
We got this. You take the
back. I'll take the front.
- Okay? Good boy.
- Yeah. alright.
Go on. you're good.
Argh!
Bobby.
Bobby?
Bobby. Holy shit.
Bobby? Bobby. what the
hell happened?
Huh?
No! No. no. no!
No! Fuck!
Bobby! Bobby get up!
No! No!
Fucker...
911. What's the
emergency?
Help!
Ma'am? Ma'am can you
hear me?
She called the cops?
Yeah. she tried to.
- Shit! We gotta get out of here.
- Jimmy...
Listen. the cops are
gonna trace the call.
We're in the middle of
nowhere. okay?
We still have time.
Bobby... Bobby. Listen. Listen...
No. we're not leaving
here until we're done.
Well. then I'm telling
you. I'm done alright?
Listen to me. you
ungrateful. little prick.
We are five fucking minutes away
from 200 grand in rocks.
Alright. so you drag that
corpse up those stairs
or you fucking become one.
Do you understand me?
Yeah
Fucking go!
I don't know the combination.
We'll see about that.
Emma... Emma. it
could be a beautiful thing...
Time to wake up.
Wake up... Wake up.
Ow.
Urgh.
Figured you'd want to spend your
last precious moments
with the old ball and chain.
Such a perfect couple.
I already told you
that I don't know
the combination to the safe.
No. no. no!
Argh!
Bobby... Bobby. we don't
need to do this!
No. no. no...
- No. no. no...
- Stay down! Stay there!
There it is.
My shadow.
Half my world went dark
that night.
But... there's a light on
the other side of that door.
And the combination.
according to your husband.
is the day that he proposed to
you.
Okay... what do you expect
me to do?
Just give you the dates so
you can kill me right
afterwards?
I expect you to scream.
Argh! No. no. no...
Please stop!
Let's see how quiet you
stay with no fucking toes.
Bobby?
Help me!
Stop. Bobby...
- Okay.
- Don't you fucking move!
Stay there!
No. no. no!
Please. please...
Please?
Jimmy. what are you doing?
No one else
needs to get hurt.
Give me the gun.
No!
- Give me the gun. now.
- Fuck you!
- Fuck me?
- Fuck you. you sick...
Go stand by the safe.
And leave the knife.
Man. I swear...
Fuck.
Okay. Come on. what the
fuck are you gonna do then?
Okay. here's what's gonna
happen.
Alright.
You give us the
combination.
we take the diamonds and leave
you here alive.
Jesus Christ! What do you
think she's gonna do?
The moment she's outta
here.
she's gonna go straight to the
cops...
Shut up!
Fuck!
Who do you think is the
first person the cops are gonna
come looking for when
they find her dead body. huh?
You already put a target
on our backs. you dumb fuck!
We should have
never come here.
I'll give it to you...
but you gotta fucking cut
me loose.
Combination first.
Fuck that! Not as long as
I'm attached
to this fucking piece of shit.
Jimmy. we don't have
fucking time.
Just let me cut the date
out of her and we're done!
I'll pick open these handcuffs.
You give me the combination
But no one's leaving
until that safe is open.
Alright?
Okay?
Fine.
Okay. let's hurry up the
fuck along then. shall we?
Come on. Jimmy. let's go!
Okay. let's have that date?
July 29th. 2011.
What the fuck!
What?
"The diamonds you seek.
lay close to her heart."
Necklace... the diamonds
are in the necklace!
It doesn't open. It
doesn't come off...
Let me try.
Where's the clasp?
There isn't one. This
fucker made it so it won't open!
Jesus. what is this thing
made of?
He doesn't want us to cut
the necklace off her.
He wants us to cut her
off the necklace.
No. no. no... No. I got this...
- I got this. I got this.
- Get it off! Get it off! Please!
Break this off... to break
this off...
Shit!
Hold it.
No. no. please!
Jimmy. get out of the
fucking way!...
- Just let me have a go.
- Jimmy!
Let me cut it...
Argh!
No! Bobby! Bobby!
I'm not gonna let you do this!
- I'm not losing you today!
- Stop! Get off me!
- Jimmy!
- Stop it!
Get off me!
No. no. no...
Ugh...
This is all your fault.
You fucking did this.
I'm gonna cut your
fucking head off!
Fuck you.
Ahh!
Argh!
Ugh!
Oh god!
Please.
please. please...
Fuck!
Ahh!
Fuck you!
Shit!
Ugh!
Fuck!
Nowhere to run.
you bitch!
Ugh!
Argh!
You fucking bitch!